Correct the comment for the priority of options and environments on otlptracegrpc (#5508)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Document instrument name requirements in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric`. (#5435)
- Prevent random number generation data-race for experimental rand exemplars in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric`. (#5456)
- Fix counting number of dropped attributes of `Record` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/log`. (#5464)

> - Correct comments for the priority of options and environments in `WithEndpoint` and `WithEndpointURL` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc`. (#5508)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Correct comments for the priority of the `WithEndpoint` and `WithEndpointURL` options and their coresponding environment variables in  in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc`. (#5508)
```
